they came to pass at that time the Judah
they came to pass at that time the Judah departed from his brothers and visited a
departed from his brothers and visited a
departed from his brothers and visited a certain ad elamite whose name was Huayra
certain ad elamite whose name was Huayra
certain ad elamite whose name was Huayra and Judah saw their a daughter of a
and Judah saw their a daughter of a
and Judah saw their a daughter of a certain Canaanite whose name was Shores
certain Canaanite whose name was Shores
certain Canaanite whose name was Shores and he married her and went into her so
and he married her and went into her so
and he married her and went into her so she conceived and bore a son and he
she conceived and bore a son and he
she conceived and bore a son and he called his name her she conceived again
called his name her she conceived again
called his name her she conceived again and bore a son and she called his name
and bore a son and she called his name
and bore a son and she called his name own and she conceived yet again and bore
own and she conceived yet again and bore
own and she conceived yet again and bore a son and called his name Sheila
he was at kiseop when she bore him then
he was at kiseop when she bore him then Judah took a wife for his firstborn and
Judah took a wife for his firstborn and
Judah took a wife for his firstborn and her name was Tims
her name was Tims
her name was Tims but her Judah's firstborn was wicked in
but her Judah's firstborn was wicked in
but her Judah's firstborn was wicked in the sight of the Lord and the Lord
the sight of the Lord and the Lord
the sight of the Lord and the Lord killed him and Judah said to Onan go
killed him and Judah said to Onan go
killed him and Judah said to Onan go into your brother's wife and marry her
into your brother's wife and marry her
into your brother's wife and marry her and raise up an heir to your brother for
and raise up an heir to your brother for
and raise up an heir to your brother for ona knew that the air would not be his
ona knew that the air would not be his
ona knew that the air would not be his and it came to pass when he went into
and it came to pass when he went into
and it came to pass when he went into his brother's wife that he emitted on
his brother's wife that he emitted on
his brother's wife that he emitted on the ground lest he should give an air to
the ground lest he should give an air to
the ground lest he should give an air to his brother and the thing which he did
his brother and the thing which he did
his brother and the thing which he did displeased the Lord therefore he killed
displeased the Lord therefore he killed
displeased the Lord therefore he killed him also then Judah said to Thema his
him also then Judah said to Thema his
him also then Judah said to Thema his daughter-in-law remain a widow in your
daughter-in-law remain a widow in your
daughter-in-law remain a widow in your father's house tell my son Sheila is
father's house tell my son Sheila is
father's house tell my son Sheila is grown less he also died like his
grown less he also died like his
grown less he also died like his brothers and Tamar went and dwelt in her
brothers and Tamar went and dwelt in her
brothers and Tamar went and dwelt in her father's house now in the process of
father's house now in the process of
father's house now in the process of time the daughter of sure
time the daughter of sure
time the daughter of sure Judah's wife died
Judah's wife died
Judah's wife died and Judah was comforted and went up to
and Judah was comforted and went up to
and Judah was comforted and went up to his sheep shearers at Timnath he and his
his sheep shearers at Timnath he and his
his sheep shearers at Timnath he and his friend Huayra Theia dolemite and it was
friend Huayra Theia dolemite and it was
friend Huayra Theia dolemite and it was told tamer look your father-in-law is
told tamer look your father-in-law is
told tamer look your father-in-law is going up to Timna to share his sheep so
going up to Timna to share his sheep so
going up to Timna to share his sheep so she took off her widows garments covered
she took off her widows garments covered
she took off her widows garments covered herself with a veil and wrapped herself
herself with a veil and wrapped herself
herself with a veil and wrapped herself and sat in an open place which was on
and sat in an open place which was on
and sat in an open place which was on the way to Timnath for she saw that
the way to Timnath for she saw that
the way to Timnath for she saw that Sheila was grown and she was not given
Sheila was grown and she was not given
Sheila was grown and she was not given to him as a wife when Judith saw her he
to him as a wife when Judith saw her he
to him as a wife when Judith saw her he thought she was a harlot because she had
thought she was a harlot because she had
thought she was a harlot because she had covered her face then he turned to her
covered her face then he turned to her
covered her face then he turned to her by the way please let me come into you
by the way please let me come into you
by the way please let me come into you for he did not know that she was his
for he did not know that she was his
for he did not know that she was his daughter-in-law what will you give me
daughter-in-law what will you give me
daughter-in-law what will you give me that you may come into me I will send a
that you may come into me I will send a
that you may come into me I will send a young goat from the flock will you give
young goat from the flock will you give
young goat from the flock will you give me a pledge till you send it
me a pledge till you send it
me a pledge till you send it what pledge shall I give you your signet
what pledge shall I give you your signet
what pledge shall I give you your signet and cord and your staff that is in your
and cord and your staff that is in your
and cord and your staff that is in your hand then he gave them to her and went
hand then he gave them to her and went
hand then he gave them to her and went into her and she conceived by him so she
into her and she conceived by him so she
into her and she conceived by him so she arose and went away
arose and went away
arose and went away and laid aside her veil and put on the
and laid aside her veil and put on the
and laid aside her veil and put on the garments of her widowhood
garments of her widowhood
garments of her widowhood and Judah sent the young goat by the
and Judah sent the young goat by the
and Judah sent the young goat by the hand of his friend via dolemite to
hand of his friend via dolemite to
hand of his friend via dolemite to receive his pledge from the woman's hand
receive his pledge from the woman's hand
receive his pledge from the woman's hand but he did not find her when he asked
but he did not find her when he asked
but he did not find her when he asked the men of that place where is the
the men of that place where is the
the men of that place where is the harlot who was openly by the roadside
harlot who was openly by the roadside
harlot who was openly by the roadside there was no harlot in this place so he
there was no harlot in this place so he
there was no harlot in this place so he returned to Judah I cannot find her
returned to Judah I cannot find her
returned to Judah I cannot find her also the men of the place said there was
also the men of the place said there was
also the men of the place said there was no harlot in this place let her take
no harlot in this place let her take
no harlot in this place let her take them for herself lest we be shamed for I
them for herself lest we be shamed for I
them for herself lest we be shamed for I sent this young goat and you have not
sent this young goat and you have not
sent this young goat and you have not found her and it came to pass about
found her and it came to pass about
found her and it came to pass about three months after but Judah was told
three months after but Judah was told
three months after but Judah was told Tamar your daughter-in-law has played
Tamar your daughter-in-law has played
Tamar your daughter-in-law has played the harlot furthermore she is with child
the harlot furthermore she is with child
the harlot furthermore she is with child by harlotry bring her out and let her be
by harlotry bring her out and let her be
by harlotry bring her out and let her be burned when she was brought out she sent
burned when she was brought out she sent
burned when she was brought out she sent to her father-in-law by the man to whom
to her father-in-law by the man to whom
to her father-in-law by the man to whom these belong I am with child
these belong I am with child
these belong I am with child please determine who's these are the
please determine who's these are the
please determine who's these are the Signet and cord and staff so Judah
Signet and cord and staff so Judah
Signet and cord and staff so Judah acknowledged them she has been more
acknowledged them she has been more
acknowledged them she has been more righteous than I because I did not give
righteous than I because I did not give
righteous than I because I did not give her to Sheila my son and he never knew
her to Sheila my son and he never knew
her to Sheila my son and he never knew her again now it came to pass at the
her again now it came to pass at the
her again now it came to pass at the time for giving birth that behold twins
time for giving birth that behold twins
time for giving birth that behold twins were in her womb
and so it was when she was giving birth
and so it was when she was giving birth that the one put out his hand and the
that the one put out his hand and the
that the one put out his hand and the Midwife took a scarlet thread and bound
Midwife took a scarlet thread and bound
Midwife took a scarlet thread and bound it on his hand this one came up first
it on his hand this one came up first
it on his hand this one came up first and it happened as he drew back his hand
and it happened as he drew back his hand
and it happened as he drew back his hand but his brother came out unexpectedly
but his brother came out unexpectedly
but his brother came out unexpectedly how did you break through this breech be
how did you break through this breech be
how did you break through this breech be upon you
upon you
upon you therefore his name was called Peters
afterward his brother came out who had
afterward his brother came out who had the scarlet thread on his hand and his
the scarlet thread on his hand and his
the scarlet thread on his hand and his name was called Zira